[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Debra Martin is
with us, a world-renowned healer
and International Research
Lab-certified medium
and the author of six books.
Debra, welcome back
to the program.
>>DEBRA MARTIN: Oh, gosh,
I'm so happy to be here.
>>NOORY: It's always
great seeing you.
How have you been?
>>MARTIN: I'm doing
really well, Thank you.
>>NOORY: What's new?
>>MARTIN: Oh, I'm just doing
a lot of healings these days
and just enjoying
life in the meantime.
>>NOORY: Now, when
we say healings,
what do we mean by that?
>>MARTIN: Healings
mean that I'm doing
a remote healing for anybody
that's around the world.
They can be anywhere.
That's dealing with
emotional, physical,
or spiritual struggles, illness.
And so I tap into a frequency
of healing and energy
that I call God's
frequency healing energy.
And it goes through me.
And they can be anywhere in
the world, like you said,
and it travels to them.
>>NOORY: Do you feel their
pain or their illness?
>>MARTIN: Sometimes I do.
When I'm in my
actual healing room,
I will see spiritual
surgeons come into the room.
I might feel angels
come into the room.
I might feel a loved
one come into the room.
I might feel God
come into the room.
So if a spiritual surgeon is
going to do a surgery on me,
I'm going to feel the
area they're working on.
Now, my client will not
feel any of that pain,
but they might feel the
emotion of that love that
enters the room.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
You yourself had some episodes,
three near-death experiences.
>>MARTIN: Yes, I've
had three near-death.
>>NOORY: Tell us what
happened in each one.
>>MARTIN: OK, so my first
NDE, I was in a car accident.
>>NOORY: Ouch.
>>MARTIN: And I was on a
freeway where I was hit,
and we spun out and took
40 feet of guardrail.
And so when we came to a stop,
we were in oncoming traffic.
At that moment, when you're
looking at oncoming traffic
and we're trying to get out
of the car, we're panicking.
We can't get out.
>>NOORY: My god, yeah.
>>MARTIN: And so a
gentleman came to the door.
And he lifted all three
of us, each one by one,
opened it effortlessly, and
took us to the embankment.
And when fire trucks came,
police came to the scene.
He was nowhere to be found.
And so at that moment, I was
like, well, who was that?
And so I later learned that that
was divine intervention, came
in human form,
saved me, and that
really opened my spirituality.
>>NOORY: He saved you.
>>MARTIN: He saved me.
>>NOORY: Who was he?
>>MARTIN: Well, I say that
that was divine intervention
that God brought down
here in human form.
>>NOORY: Would you call
him a spirit surgeon?
>>MARTIN: I wouldn't call
him a spiritual surgeon.
No, I would just call him an
angel that came in disguise.
>>NOORY: What about
the second NDE?
>>MARTIN: So the
second NDE was when
I was also in a car accident.
But in this one, I
was sitting in a turn
bay ready to go
into a neighborhood.
I had no reason to think
that I was going to be hit.
I wasn't worried.
I was just sitting in my car.
And all of a sudden,
I'm out of my body.
And now I'm looking
down and seeing
what is transpiring, that this
truck is going to come over
my car and crush me.
>>NOORY: You haven't had
much luck with cars, Debbie.
Jeez.
>>MARTIN: I hope I'm done now.
Yes.
>>NOORY: What about
the third time?
>>MARTIN: OK, so
the second one, that
opened my abilities as a
medium, because I heard spirit
on the other side
say, are you ready?
And when I said, are you
ready, then I said no.
And at that moment, I
was back into my car
with a mouth full of glass.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
That was number two.
>>MARTIN: That was number two.
>>NOORY: Number three?
>>AUDIENCE: Number three,
this time, I was really sick.
I was down to, like 90 pounds.
And I was being
seen at Mayo Clinic.
And doctors couldn't figure
out what was wrong with me.
I was in so much pain that I
couldn't eat or drink anything
without being in so
much pain like you're
having a baby, that kind,
curled up in a fetus position.
And so what happened then is I
was asking God, just take me,
just take me.
I have no dignity here.
I'm laying in bed,
and I'm in pain.
So--
>>NOORY: You wanted to go?
>>MARTIN: I wanted to go.
>>NOORY: Deb.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, there
just wasn't any quality
of life at this point.
So one morning, I woke up.
And there were spiritual
surgeons in my room.
Now, being a medium,
I wasn't afraid
of those spiritual surgeons.
And they started to work on me.
And I thought, oh,
maybe God is here
to heal me through these
spiritual surgeons.
And I remember it
being super painful.
And when it was that
painful, I was like,
I know I have to
go through this,
but I don't know if I
can go through this.
So I was like, I'm going to
remove my mind from the pain
by taking a deep breath.
And just when I took a deep
breath in and I let it out,
that's when I came out of
my body and transcended.
And I remember floating up.
>>NOORY: You had an
OBE, a classic OBE.
>>MARTIN: And as I was floating
up, I can remember, wow,
this feels great.
>>NOORY: Were you dying?
>>MARTIN: I wasn't
sure what I was doing.
I just felt like I'm
removed from my body.
I'm in this space where
I'm feeling no pain,
and I came to a space that was
all white all the way around me.
And I was-- it looked
like there were clouds.
And I'm like, OK, I'm here.
What next?
And I saw this being
come towards me.
And I recognized that love,
and that love was God.
>>NOORY: Did these episodes give
you the ability as a healer?
>>MARTIN: Yes,
this third one did.
I was told to come back with
a new mission and a new duty,
and that opened my
healing abilities.
I was given the gift.
>>NOORY: Instantly?
>>MARTIN: Well, it
took six months.
So when I came
back into my body,
I can remember coming back
in and kind of feeling
like I went into my body.
And I took a breath
like coming out,
like if you were
held under water.
And I was like,
what just happened?
Am I the same person?
It took about six months of
me walking through my healing
and seeing how healing works.
And God was showing
me how healing works.
And then I had the ability
and this strong knowingness
that this is what
I needed to do.
>>NOORY: But you weren't out
of your body for six months,
were you?
>>MARTIN: No, no, no.
I was only out of that probably
for an hour, I would say.
>>NOORY: And what do you
think about these experiences?
>>MARTIN: Well, I believe that
each one of those experiences
molded me into who I am today.
If I didn't have each
one of those experiences,
I wouldn't be the
healer who I am.
>>NOORY: Are you
afraid of dying?
>>MARTIN: I'm not
afraid of dying.
>>NOORY: You're in no rush.
>>MARTIN: I'm not in any rush.
No I don't want to
die any time soon.
>>NOORY: Aren't you
glad you didn't pass on
on the third time?
>>MARTIN: I am now.
When I look back and
say, wow, look at all
the life that I've lived between
that time and where I am today
and all the people that
I get to help and meet,
I feel very blessed.
>>NOORY: Who heals?
Is it you?
Is it an angel through you?
Is it God?
Who's doing it?
>>MARTIN: Well, I call it God.
So other people might
say source divine.
They might have
another name for it.
But I believe that it's God's
love, frequency, and energy
that is working through
me to heal them.
>>NOORY: Now you
do group healings.
And you do private healings.
What's the difference?
>>MARTIN: OK, so in a
private healing session,
you can have a private
session, and you can
have a private reading session.
So in a private session,
it's an individual session
where somebody will contact me.
And they might tell me
what their illness is,
or they might tell me that--
>>NOORY: Do you need
to know what it is?
>>MARTIN: No, I don't
need to know it all.
And so then what I do
is I go into prayer.
And then I go on
to my healing table
where I have a picture of them.
And I place it on my abdomen
where I become their proxy.
When that happens, I might have
an IV go in me because there's
going to be a spiritual
surgeon doing this,
which is giving me a sedation.
They might feel the
sedation on their end.
And now they're in
their sacred space.
They could be in
another country.
They could be sleeping.
It doesn't matter where
they are at this time.
And so then the energy
starts to come through me.
Now, if they have a
reading attached to that,
they're going to be connecting
to a loved one at that time.
So I bring their loved
one into the session.
And I also connect with them
before the session begins.
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so with my group
healings, my group healings
is where we gather people from
all around the world as one.
And our intention is
we all want a miracle.
>>NOORY: Do you do it by Zoom?
How do you do it?
No,
>>MARTIN: Everything is
remote, so it's distant.
You're in your sacred space.
I auto record everything,
and then I send it to them.
>>NOORY: Do you
have to see them?
>>MARTIN: I do
not see them ever.
I just have their picture.
And what's amazing with
that is some people
tell me what they want.
So I put that in my prayer,
but I don't limit it
to just those issues.
Some people tell me nothing.
But in the group session, it
always seems to have a theme.
God comes up with a theme.
So they build on themselves.
People might come
more than once.
where they feel like,
oh, I need it two
months from now.
They feel like they
want to rebalance.
But the groups are really
powerful and profound.
I see a lot of
miracles through them.
>>NOORY: That is truly
remarkable, what you've done.
>>MARTIN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Does it
ever exhaust you?
>>MARTIN: Yes, it
can exhaust me.
I never know.
After a healing session--
I only do one session a day.
>>NOORY: It wore
Edgar Cayce down.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I
know Edgar Cayce.
I know--
>>NOORY: You ever worry
about that for you?
>>MARTIN: Well, I do a lot
to try to prepare myself
so that that doesn't happen.
I will only do
one session a day,
and so I really give
my all to the session.
But when I'm done
with the session,
if I'm tired, if it took
everything out of me,
then I know, OK, I need to rest.
I need to honor my
body, how I'm feeling.
Sometimes I might
feel nothing at all.
And sometimes I will
feel extremely exhausted.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
Gwendolyn and what she did.
>>MARTIN: Oh, Gwendolyn.
I loved Gwendolyn.
She's a doll.
So Gwendolyn, I knew nothing
about Gwendolyn when she came.
She was coming for a
private reading session.
So she wanted to connect
with her deceased cat.
And like I said, I knew
nothing about Gwendolyn.
So when I went into the
session with Gwendolyn,
God came through.
And he started
going to her heart.
There was a lot of pain,
a lot of suffering,
a lot of heaviness that
needed to be removed.
And I can remember God telling
her, it's OK to love yourself.
>>NOORY: That is dramatic.
What transpired in her healing
that was life changing?
>>MARTIN: With
Gwendolyn, what God
did is He took us on
a spiritual journey.
Now a spiritual journey is
like I get a vision in my mind.
Some people will feel
like they're having
an out-of-body experience.
Some people will feel
like they're just
watching a movie in their mind
as I am speaking it to them.
So with Gwendolyn, we
went to this space.
And when we were in this
space, her cat showed up.
Her cat angel showed up.
>>NOORY: Her cat showed up?
>>MARTIN: Yes, and I
remember it pounced on me.
I just felt this like this.
So I'm on the table.
Plus, I'm in this
other dimension.
I feel this cat jump,
and I start laughing.
I'm like, oh, my gosh, I love--
>>NOORY: Like a
crazy person, right?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, right.
Like, I'm really feeling this.
But then it made it so real.
Like, we're really all together.
We're all one.
And then the cat just sat
right here in this other space.
So I'm witnessing this all.
And the cat just
transformed into a woman.
And now the woman--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, now the woman
standing in front of Gwendolyn
and says to Gwendolyn,
we've been together
for many, many lifetimes.
And we will continue
to be together.
So I want you to enjoy your
life knowing that I'm fine here,
but I'm also there with you.
>>NOORY: We've got
a video of Gwendolyn
reacting to the moment her cat
angel appeared in her healing
session.
>>GWENDOLYN: Like, after
the death of Angel,
which is my cat,
who you actually
got to be in the
session with me,
I've had a lot of
grief around it.
And I actually didn't
want to live after that.
So I was actually suicidal.
Like, I just didn't
want to live anymore.
But for you to bring her
in and whatever she said to
me actually saved
my life, actually.
Whatever you said about
me was absolutely right.
It's like you knew me.
I feel that I want to
live now because I'm--
since I think about
eight years ago,
I've always-- from
when I was a child,
I always loved animals
more than humans.
And I felt I could
feel their suffering.
And then as I got older--
so I turned vegan and all
that just for the animals.
And just watching, knowing
that the pain and suffering was
existing in this
world, sometimes I
felt I couldn't do anything.
And I just-- and just
didn't want to live anymore.
So you actually saved my life.
I can't explain.
But after that session, I just
felt that I can do something.
I just do my part bit
by bit, and I will.
I just felt this
oneness with everything.
So I could be a light, even if
it's a small one, to help out.
But I'm trying little by
little now to love myself more.
Yeah, I felt that
God got near me.
And I wasn't alone.
>>NOORY: We're going to
hear more from Gwendolyn--
this segment several times.
But did she try to harm herself?
>>MARTIN: She just
stopped eating.
She self-sabotaged
herself by not eating.
So she only ate
rice for two years.
She just wanted enough energy.
She didn't want nutrition.
And then after the
healing session,
even hearing this today,
hearing it again, hearing it
for the first time, I
become very emotional.
>>NOORY: I bet.
>>MARTIN: And then--
>>NOORY: You saved her life.
>>MARTIN: --to hear those
words that came through
and that she felt
that embrace from God,
there's nothing more profound.
And I'm just so grateful
that that transpired for her.
So after that, she
started eating.
She's eating and
doing really well.
>>NOORY: Do you keep
in touch with her?
>>MARTIN: I do.
>>NOORY: Does she
know you saved her?
>>MARTIN: That's what she says.
Yeah, I don't like to
say that I saved her.
God saved her.
But yes.
>>NOORY: Well, you
were a part of it.
>>MARTIN: I was the
instrument, exactly.
>>NOORY: And maybe the cat
a little bit, too, right?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I think
the cat did a lot.
>>NOORY: How did Gwendolyn's
cat manifest in her healing?
>>MARTIN: Well, that's how she
manifested it into that woman,
where I think that was a
very profound moment for her.
And it was--
Gwendolyn explained it
like, hard to imagine,
but she knew in
her heart was true,
because it is so far out
there that the cat changed
into a woman and had those
profound words for her.
>>NOORY: Are entities ever
part of these healing sessions,
outside entities?
>>MARTIN: No.
>>NOORY: Here's a
video of Gwendolyn
reacting to the moment her cat
appeared in her healing session.
>>MARTIN: One of the things that
was said to you or shown to you
is to take you on a
spiritual journey.
And when you were in this space,
which I had no idea that angel
would show up this
way, the angel
shows up first and just
pounces into your arms.
So when you heard that,
did you feel that?
>>GWENDOLYN: I don't know.
I was just crying nonstop.
So I--
>>MARTIN: So you--
>>GWENDOLYN: I felt
everything, yeah.
>> Yeah, yeah, I could feel it.
I was like-- as I'm witnessing
it and going through it,
I felt like I wanted to cry.
Like, oh my gosh, this is true
love, unconditional, true love.
And then all of a sudden,
angel takes a seat next to you
and turns into, like,
being, a woman and said,
it is who you think I am.
And we've met many, many lives.
And our magnetics will
always connect no matter
where we are in the world.
We'll find each other
from lifetime to lifetime.
Yeah, and that she's
always with you.
And then I love the time where
you-- then you two got to talk.
And then when she left, an
angel came and sat on your lap.
>>GWENDOLYN: Yeah,
I mean, it's so hard
to actually understand
all that because we just
live in this dimension.
And I don't-- it's so hard
to comprehend all that.
But I felt it.
And I don't really
have to understand,
but I just know that--
I just knew it.
I felt it within me.
>>MARTIN: You felt
it to be true?
>>GWENDOLYN: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, and
that's one of the things
that I have written here is I
know this is really hard for you
to understand.
But in this dimension, there's
so much more than what we know.
>>NOORY: Gwendolyn seems
like a different person.
>>MARTIN: Totally
different person.
Her mother is the
one that actually
wanted her to have the session.
And so she--
>>NOORY: Mother was smart.
>>MARTIN: Her mother is so
grateful to see her daughter now
living and thriving.
And she just wants to be kind
to others and love her cats.
>>NOORY: How important was the
cat in this entire episode?
>>MARTIN: The cat was
in the spiritual journey
a big, big part of
the healing session.
So the healing sessions
usually lasts about an hour.
And I believe the cat was
there before the session began,
during the session,
but also then she
was receiving these
words from God as well.
>>NOORY: Do you find that
pets reincarnate with us
across multiple lifelines?
>>MARTIN: I do.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>MARTIN: I just believe
that their energy--
they're filled with love.
And they just keep coming back.
I feel like-- like, with
Gwendolyn-- she explained it.
The deceased cat
explained it, the woman--
as if they're magnetics, would
always meet no matter where that
they are on this planet.
>>NOORY: Our pets are part of
our soul family, aren't they?
>>MARTIN: Yes, they are.
>>NOORY: Dogs, cats,
doesn't matter.
>>MARTIN: It doesn't matter.
I mean, even horses, we
feel like we know them.
And if you think
about it, George,
we are intuitively talking
to them all the time.
So people don't realize
how intuitive they are.
We know like, oh, they
have to go to the bathroom.
Oh, they're not feeling well.
They're sleeping too much.
We connect with them.
We're speaking with them.
So sometimes they are like
our little fur babies.
>>NOORY: Now, how do we
interact with the loved ones
across these different
lines of dimensions?
>>MARTIN: Connecting with
the spiritual loved ones?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>MARTIN: OK.
So as a medium, I'll
start connecting with them
where I'm feeling
them, I'm sensing them.
I might be smelling
a certain fragrance.
They might be showing me signs.
So I bring that into the
session before I even
start the healing session.
Then when we start
the healing session
and I bring them into the
room, they might physically
feel their touch.
They might physically see
them in their sacred space
as I'm seeing them.
And they also
might embrace them.
>>NOORY: Now we've talked about
how Gwendolyn has improved,
but let's hear it from her own
words on how this has happened.
>>MARTIN: When you were
taken on a spiritual journey
and you listened to this,
did you feel that you
were in a different space?
Or did you feel like you
were just visioning it
while you were listening to it?
How did that make you feel?
>>GWENDOLYN: I feel that
whenever I need comfort,
I just listen to
it again and again.
Yeah, so it never--
it always feels
profound and heavenly.
It never gets, oh--
I don't get tired of
listening to it ever.
>>MARTIN: It never
loses its essence.
>>GWENDOLYN: No, it does not.
>>MARTIN: Your mom
must be so happy.
>>GWENDOLYN: Yeah, she asked
me to go just for the physical
healing because--
I mean, nobody could
penetrate to my heart
and try to make me
understand that--
yeah.
>>MARTIN: So this went to a
whole other level for you.
>>GWENDOLYN: Yeah, it did.
I mean, I just can't
thank you enough, Debra.
You've helped me so much,
because my self-hatred made me--
I've only eaten rice for the
last two years because I felt--
I didn't want any nutrition
because I didn't feel deserving.
If there's so much
suffering in the world,
I didn't want to have any
protein or any vitamins
or nutrition.
So I just ate rice just to
have energy to get along
and to survive.
But after that
session, I started
eating beans and vegetables.
So my mom is really,
really, really happy.
From that day since I
received the recording,
there isn't a day that
goes by that I actually
don't think of a
phrase that you said
or a sentence that you said.
I don't think thank you--
that are enough, actually, yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you record
all your sessions, Debra?
>>MARTIN: I do.
I record everything.
>>NOORY: How important is that?
>>MARTIN: It's really
important that they're recorded
and they hold that
frequency in healing
so they can listen to
this session as many times
as they wish.
Because the first time
they listen to it,
they might be analyzing it.
They might not just be
sitting in that space.
Or maybe they are just
sitting in that space,
and they're not
really hearing it.
They're just being
part of that frequency.
So having it recorded, they can
go listen to it over and over
again.
It's like having a healing
session over and over again.
>>NOORY: Who is J'amy?
>>MARTIN: OK, J'amy came for a
healing reading session as well.
Now, J'amy shared a
few things with me
that she wanted to be healed.
She was dealing with foggy
brain and low energy.
So physically, she
expressed that.
But she also wanted to
connect with her deceased mom.
And--
>>NOORY: And you do that, too.
>>MARTIN: I did
that as well, yes.
>>NOORY: Well, what
was the outcome?
>>MARTIN: In J'amy's
session, what was so amazing
is right from the beginning--
because I tell you
that I'm connecting with J'amy's
mom before the session begins.
And I can remember going, OK,
J'amy spells her name J'amy.
Am I supposed to say "Ja-amy"?
Or am I supposed to say "Jamie"?
And at that moment, I
was like, mhm, how am I
supposed to say her name?
Well, you won't believe this.
The mother dropped
that into J'amy's head
while she was taking a shower.
She doesn't know how
to say your name.
So J'amy's washing her
hair and going, oh my gosh,
she doesn't know
how to say my name.
She didn't know that that
was coming from her mom.
So she gets out of the shower
all soapy, grabs her phone,
emails me--
You're probably wondering
how to say my name.
Now that happened
within one minute.
I received the email.
Ding, I'm like,
got to be kidding.
At that moment,
I'm like, this is
going to be an awesome session.
Thank you, Mom.
I now know how to say J'amy.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>MARTIN: It was amazing.
>>NOORY: Debra, what did you
see on your spiritual journey
in regards to a
woman holding a baby?
>>MARTIN: OK, so that was a
really, really important part
of the healing session.
>>NOORY: With her?
>>MARTIN: Yes, so
now, J'amy's going
to go on a spiritual
journey with me.
And God has said, I'm taking
you on this spiritual journey.
And we go to this space.
When we get to this space, I
see her mother standing there.
And when I see her
mother standing there,
I see her holding this baby.
And now I question-- in
my mind, I'm questioning.
I'm not saying this
on the recording.
I question in my mind.
And I say, mm, is that a baby
that's going to come to J'amy?
Or did J'amy lose that baby?
And I have no idea.
>>NOORY: That's intriguing.
>>MARTIN: Right, I have no idea.
But I know that J'amy will know.
So I was like, OK, well,
let me be more specific.
Is this a boy or a girl?
And I hear this is a baby boy.
So I voiced that.
Your mother is
holding a baby boy.
And then they let me get closer.
And the baby was
wrapped in blue.
So validated it for me.
What's so profound with that is
it was very relatable to J'amy.
>>NOORY: J'amy, of course, talks
about the baby in her healing
session.
>>MARTIN: So we went
on this future journey.
And I saw your mom
holding this baby,
and they were very specific.
They said, this is a baby boy.
>>J'AMY: We had lost a baby
boy in the first trimester.
So it was so important
to know and so
healing to know that even though
he did not come, he was alive.
He was a soul.
He is still a baby.
And Mom's taking care
of him until we can all
be together again.
And it was just such a
beautiful confirmation.
>>NOORY: And J'amy
lost that baby.
>>MARTIN: She did lose the baby.
And--
>>NOORY: And you knew that?
>>MARTIN: I didn't know.
Remember I wasn't too sure.
I was just--
>>NOORY: Yeah, you
sounded like you knew.
>>MARTIN: I felt like I
knew she had the baby.
I knew the mother held the baby.
But I wasn't sure if that
baby was being held and taken
care of by the mom
at that moment,
or if that baby
was coming to her.
But I knew that
J'amy would know.
And it impacted her knowing
that her mom was holding
that baby that she lost.
>>NOORY: It did
deeply, too, I bet.
How did it affect her?
In a positive way?
>>MARTIN: Well,
yeah, because now she
knows that baby is still
alive and that they'll
be together again someday
and that her mom's
watching over this child.
>>NOORY: How often does
the mother come to J'amy?
>>MARTIN: Well, OK,
so in the beginning,
before the healing
session, J'amy kind of
like-- if she felt that her
mom was going to be there,
she thought that her
mom was angry with her.
And it was always
a sad, heavy thing
if she even thought of her mom.
She went through a
very traumatic passing
with her mother.
And so after the
session, now that she's
connecting with her
mom and the healing
that her mom gave her
during that session,
she now has a new
relationship with her.
>>NOORY: Is it normal
for your clients
to physically feel what you
feel during these healings?
Do they pick up on you?
>>MARTIN: OK, so--
>>NOORY: Or do you
pick up on them?
>>MARTIN: Well, I'm
always picking up on them.
But with J'amy's session,
this was so remarkable.
I all of a sudden feel
like I can't move my legs.
From the waist down--
>>NOORY: You feel paralyzed?
>>MARTIN: Yeah,
there's no movement.
So--
>>NOORY: Are you scared?
>>MARTIN: --I know
that I've had--
no, I'm just like, OK, they must
have gave me enough medicine
to just knock this part out
where I have no feeling.
But all of a
sudden, a little cat
comes to my toes
and touches my toes.
And I'm like--
>>NOORY: And you could feel it.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so
I'm like, is this
a deceased cat that
she lost, or is this
a real cat that I'm feeling
that's by J'amy on her end
where she's at?
So I voiced all of this.
So J'amy decides to
listen to her session
after she gets her kids down.
And so she's-- this is hours
after the session took place.
So J'amy now goes
into the session.
And she's feeling and hearing
everything that I'm saying.
And her legs become numb.
And guess what?
Her cat is at the bottom of
her foot tickling her foot,
and she's chewing it.
>>NOORY: And you're feeling it.
>>MARTIN: And I felt
it hours before.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>MARTIN: So then it--
here, she's feeling it.
It just shows us there's
really no matter of time.
Time is not our issue
and that energy travels.
And it waits there
for her to receive it.
So yeah, that was such
an amazing validation.
>>NOORY: Does that happen with
even seeing deceased loved ones?
Do the clients pick
up on that as well?
>>MARTIN: Yes, they do.
Sometimes they'll
feel their touch.
Sometimes they'll smell them.
Sometimes they'll actually
see them next to them.
>>NOORY: How quickly do
the people who pass on
try to reach out to a medium?
>>MARTIN: Do you know,
I've had somebody that's
passed on actually start
connecting to me before they
actually left their body?
So they can connect--
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>MARTIN: --instantly.
>>NOORY: When you saw
J'amy's deceased mother,
did you know it was her?
>>MARTIN: I did know it was her.
I just had this sense of--
OK, so how I work is I'll know
If it's a mother figure, if it's
on my left side.
But she also told me she
wanted to connect with her mom.
And so then I could feel her
personality coming through.
And she had this personality
that was very funny.
I decided to take
a walk that day,
and it was close to Halloween.
And as I'm taking
a walk, she goes,
tell J'amy that us ghosts are
going to come out to play.
And it just made me laugh.
>>NOORY: And they did.
>>MARTIN: And you know what?
She did have that personality.
She did have that
sense of humor.
>>NOORY: Let's look at
J'amy discussing the healing
words of her mother
like you've mentioned,
that she gives through you.
>>MARTIN: So your
mom comes through
with something beautiful.
And then she wants to also
relieve you of this heaviness
that you were holding.
She said it so gracefully.
Like, you don't have
to worry about me,
there was nothing that
you nor I could have
done to change this outcome.
>>J'AMY: I think
that was probably
the most profound
sentence that was
spoken during the
whole healing session.
I would say my whole life
up until that session,
I believed that the
loss of a loved one
created a pain that we as humans
just had to learn to live with,
had to learn to
compartmentalize,
move forward, push through it,
and feel it every now and then.
And I now truly believe
that's not the case.
It is something that you
could get true healing from.
And that pain can be
transformed into joy.
And to hear her say that she--
she had passed of an asthma
attack right in front of me.
Was quite traumatic.
I had just had my
son, who's 13 now.
And just to see her
right in front of you,
just not being able
to breathe, it's
a very traumatic thing to see.
Obviously, it was very traumatic
for her to experience, too.
And to be given her
CPR and actually
be the first responder until
the actual responders came,
there was a huge part
of me that felt like,
did I not do it right?
Did I fail her?
But if I had done
something differently,
would the outcome
be any different?
And I have lived with that
guilt for over 12 years
and always wondering
like, what if?
What if?
And just to know that she
is in not any pain now
and that she knew
that there was nothing
I could have done, that I
did everything I should have,
and this was her time,
this was her exit point,
as much as we both
didn't want it to be--
this is how it was
supposed to happen.
And it wasn't anything I
could have done differently
that would have changed that.
And that has given me so
much peace moving forward.
I was in a truly hypnotic state.
Like, I could see what
you were describing.
I could feel what
you're describing.
I could see my mom in it,
how you were describing.
And it was just--
it was interesting
because I could see--
and you were narrating
exactly what I was seeing.
And it was just incredible.
It was just this warm feeling.
I can't explain it.
It was just-- it was incredible.
And every single body part
that you had mentioned,
I had felt little twitches
and twinges and not painful.
But I could actually
locate all of the things
that you had talked about
when I listened to the tape.
And it was just
absolutely phenomenal.
He's blessed me with so
many different healings
within this one session--
mind, body, soul, spirit.
I mean, he touched it all.
He touched it all.
And I see it every single day.
>>NOORY: Debra, how
does it make you feel
to help other people like that?
>>MARTIN: I cry.
I cry every time.
And I am filled with joy.
I'm filled with love.
But it impacts me because I
give all of myself to do this.
And then to have that
type of feedback,
I know without a shadow of
a doubt, this is my mission.
And I'm just so beyond
blessed and grateful to be
able to do this.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>MARTIN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: It's very, very
important, what you do.
>>MARTIN: I feel that.
Like, when I go into a
session, I give 100% of myself
beyond that.
And I have to remove
my humanness aside
because it's coming
directly from God.
I cannot put my stuff
into these sessions.
I have to let go and
let God take over.
>>NOORY: There's a group healing
class called Army for Love.
Tell me about that.
>>MARTIN: OK, so Army
for Love is over Zoom.
And people all around
the world join.
It's a monthly-- once
a month, we meet.
And people like-minded or that
want to learn about spirituality
or they might be dealing with
an illness or they just want
to share--
and we're here to
hold each other up,
to hold one another
without judgment,
and to just put
love into action.
>>NOORY: How many
people are in a session?
>>MARTIN: It's not
really a session.
So it's unlimited.
People from all around
the world can gather.
But at the end of the hour--
it's usually an hour long.
At the of the session, I
do a mini-healing session
for the group, and that
lasts about 15 minutes--
>>NOORY: For the masses?
>>MARTIN: For
everyone that's on.
Yes, it's like a group session,
but this is just a mini-healing.
But you never know what's
going to transpire.
And we've seen miracles.
>>NOORY: Can you
heal someone, Debra,
who does not know
they're being worked on?
>>MARTIN: Yes, I can.
I think that's even really--
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, and
think about it this way.
We say prayers for people.
So people like, is it unethical
to do a session for somebody
that doesn't know?
When you're doing
something out of love
and you're asking for that
person to receive love,
there's nothing wrong with that.
>>NOORY: Who is Giovanni?
>>MARTIN: Giovanni.
So Giovanni, I did not know.
He came to my Army for
Love for the first time.
He came because he
had a neck injury.
And he was a former
police officer.
And he had to quit
working due to the injury.
And so--
>>NOORY: On the line of duty?
>>MARTIN: --I didn't
know any of this.
I just knew that
he raised his hand
at the end of the mini-healing.
And he said, I
received a miracle.
>>NOORY: Just like that?
>>MARTIN: Just like that.
And all of us-- there
was over 60 people that
witnessed it at that one time.
>>NOORY: Within 15 minutes?
>>MARTIN: Yes,
within 15 minutes.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
What happened to him?
>>MARTIN: So what happened
is I was laying down.
We all close our eyes.
We put our hands out like this.
It was the first time I
saw spiritual surgeons come
into Army for Love.
And I can remember
them going to the neck.
And I go, oh, somebody
has a neck issue.
And then my eyes
started moving rapidly.
And so I knew spiritual surgeons
were working on the neck.
And then they worked on
different areas of the body
as well.
But when the session
was done and.
Giovanni raised
his hand to speak
and said that it was him
that had the neck issue,
he explained everything
that he went through.
But the testimonial that
I received from him,
I waited a month to make sure
that his neck really was healed.
And so he came
back a month later
and shared with us, the whole
group, what really transpired.
>>NOORY: How's he doing today?
>>MARTIN: Today, he
is doing amazing.
In fact, he says you
are his number one man.
He loves your show.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Oh, I love that.
One day, get him on.
>>MARTIN: Yeah,
he said thank you.
>>NOORY: We have a video
of Giovanni talking
about this miraculous healing.
Let's take a look.
>&GTGIOVANNI: I was a
federal police officer.
I worked at the VA hospital
and had got injured in 2017,
injured my C6, C7.
Decided not to do surgery.
I tried everything else.
And for some-- and
so long story short,
I retired in 2020 as a
federal police officer,
and it's just been
me on my own trying
to make sense of this
pain and why I'm in it.
But I just-- something
just kept telling me,
don't do the surgery.
You're too young.
Don't do the surgery.
So I can't do the surgery.
And now I found
you through Gaia.
I was sleeping one day.
Woke up in the
middle of the night.
Gaia was on, and you were
speaking about healing sessions.
I heard Army for Love.
And I was in the Marine Corps.
So I was like, well,
piqued my interest.
So on November 7, I decided.
I said, you know what?
I'd walk my dog previously
to getting on the call
and I gave in to my pain
somehow, where I just said,
you know what?
If this is my last resort,
this doesn't work out,
then I'm going to force
myself to do the surgery,
even though I know that this--
I was so against having surgery.
So I got on the call.
And during the healing session,
I completely let myself go.
I went into it not--
I was hoping to get something,
nothing like what I received.
But for the most part, I let
go of all of my expectations
at that point.
I just completely let myself go.
And I said, you know what?
Let me fully
experience everything
that I can do for myself.
And I just let go.
I focused on breath.
And then next you know,
I can feel everything
that you were saying.
It was weird.
I can feel the legs
tingling, my leg tingling.
I can feel pain on my side.
And then my eyes went up
to my third eye region.
And I started-- my eyes started
flickering back and forth.
And that's when you're like, oh,
I can feel my eyes fluttering.
And I was conscious of it.
And I'm like, I think
she's talking about me.
But something inside
is like, just let go.
So I let go.
And I saw-- and I'm
getting emotional,
but there were emergency
room doors open
and said waiting room.
But it was-- the door opened.
And right at that point,
you're like, oh, we
have a surgeon here.
I felt peace.
I felt pain.
I was becoming friends with it.
It was a weird
feeling at that point.
But then this cold
sensation hit my neck.
And you're like, oh,
I can feel the neck.
And then it felt like if you
were to heat up honey and put it
on the neck, it was this
substance that I could feel.
And then you're like,
well, some of you
might be experiencing
the anesthesia,
and I could feel the numbness.
And I just had this
knowing that at that point,
I was already healed.
And at that moment, I just knew.
Couldn't put it to words.
But other than experiencing
the births of my children,
marrying my wife, and
becoming a friend to myself,
this was one of the most
profound experiences in my life.
I have no pain.
And I couldn't have gotten
that without you, Debra.
I mean, thank you.
>>NOORY: How thankful
he is, isn't he?
And it's dramatic.
It's like nothing
ever happened to him.
>>MARTIN: Right, it
just was instant.
It was beautiful for
us all to witness,
that all things are
possible at any moment--
any moment.
I mean, I was speechless,
even listening to it
for the first time.
>>NOORY: That was amazing.
He was emotional.
>>MARTIN: He was very emotional.
>>NOORY: You are, too.
>>MARTIN: Yeah,
every single time
and with every single
healing I do, I am emotional.
What I loved about what he did
is he went with no expectations.
He removed his expectations.
Now, when we go into something,
we have expectations--
>>NOORY: Expecting nothing.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, we put
limitations on things
when we have expectations.
Just let everything go.
Let God take over.
And that's what he did.
>>NOORY: So, Debra, what about
other people during the Army
of Love groupings?
What happened to them?
>>MARTIN: So this
is so phenomenal.
So in that one session,
there was another lady
that had a neck injury.
And she remembers me saying to
the group, when one is healed,
we are all healed.
So later that night,
she's like, well, I
remember Debra saying, when one
is healed, they are all healed.
So she's like, wait a minute.
She started moving
her neck like this.
And she's like, oh my gosh,
I have full range of motion.
My neck is healed, too.
>>NOORY: And she never had that.
>>MARTIN: No, she
didn't have that at all.
And so she emailed
me that next morning
and told me that she
too had neck injuries.
And she too was
healed at that moment.
Other people had-- there
were two other people
on that call that had
intestinal issues that they
went into the intestines.
Both of those women
spoke up that they felt--
it's just phenomenal to see
the different parts of my body
that I'm feeling.
And then people
get on the screen
and validate it right after.
>>NOORY: How can people
book you for a session?
>>MARTIN: They can
go to my website
directly at goldenmiracles.com.
>>NOORY: And can they
email you as well?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, right,
everything's through my website.
In fact, I have all
my social media there.
I would love people
to join that as well.
>>NOORY: How long are you
going to continue doing this,
to help people.
Debra?
>>MARTIN: I feel
like this is my--
>>NOORY: Calling?
>>MARTIN: --calling for my
lifetime, my whole life, yeah.
>>NOORY: You're one of a kind.
You know that?
>>MARTIN: Well,
thank you, George.
I feel pretty special,
but I feel very blessed
to do the work.
>>NOORY: Keep in
touch with Giovanni.
>>MARTIN: Oh, yes,
in fact, I'm actually
going to be traveling
down to Miami,
and we're going
to meet in person.
>>NOORY: You've not met him yet?
>>MARTIN: I haven't
met him in person.
I can't wait to hug him.
>>NOORY: He's going
to break down and cry.
You know that.
>>MARTIN: [LAUGHS] He might.
I probably will, too.
>>NOORY: Debra, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MARTIN: Thank
you for having me.
>>NOORY: What a
soul, helping others,
healing emotionally
and physically.
You've witnessed a few.
And there's probably
many, many more.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]